Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's my audio. You can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let me see. Maybe turn your volume up just a teeny touch. See if you can on the phone, maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Muffled
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is a little muffled
Gwenevere Abriel: And that right there. I could hear
Nicole Roybal: Is I just hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so go back to where the way you had it. We've been able to have you haven't resting and I've been able to hear you. So, ultimately what you're able to solve it eventually you're able to come up with something
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see. So are you at a place where there's like a table or are you on the bed. What, what I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Working with your
Gwenevere Abriel: Eye on the bed. All right. Um, and there's no desk. There's no table. There's no stand that can be used.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are those called
Me see
Gwenevere Abriel: Where's your nightstand.
Nicole Roybal: Right next to me was not that comfortable sit on the floor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. Could nightstand go move away from the wall and somehow be in front of you while you sit on the bed without be a thing.
Nicole Roybal: Say hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can hear you. Really well let's play with a little bit more. Let's see if we can get
Gwenevere Abriel: See, what can we do right now what we're dealing with is we got really good. We got good audio.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just not not good. I can't see you. Hold on. Don't, don't make any big changes it wallet. All it means is that you have all the lighting behind you right now. It's good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me just ask you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have some blinds behind you, are they completely closed. Are they turned as tight as they can. So, okay, are you somewhere where the whole thing could turn
Gwenevere Abriel: In other words, you could be facing that light. I can't, I don't know where you are just
Nicole Roybal: I get what you're saying. That's why I was facing that way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, are you sitting on the floor right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sitting on the floor right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. And so I'm sitting on the bed right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'd have to move the whole night.
Gwenevere Abriel: I could at least get one side of your face. If you are off on the side of the bed. Then I at least have half your face lit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole. Take your time. It's okay. We it's worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's got a good, I can see your face.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's going to work, or do you have enough cushion under your butt to just stay comfy.
Gwenevere Abriel: YEAH, GO, GO TO GET A pillow for your butt.
Nicole Roybal: I still can't hear nothing.
Really
Nicole Roybal: I could tell. Like, like, like I said last time, I couldn't hear little bit out of it now, but I still can't hear like ultimately
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you press
Nicole Roybal: My headphones in law and I can't hear nothing out of the headphone in this year I get all don't have it yet. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you still have pain or is there any pain.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. And did you make a decision to call that that physicians office or did you still decide not too.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm actually on Tuesday as well. You have so many patients and not stress. You remember them. Yeah, I called them and they told me basically that just wait it out that they, it's not really like they don't want me to go there and they don't really have nothing to do for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So did you speak with a nurse. Did you speak with an actual clinical person I spoke with the medical assistant, the front desk. Okay. Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know she spoke with a medical professional
Nicole Roybal: I don't think so. She didn't really like put me on hold to ask anybody. You can call me I should try again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So here's, here's what I would have been doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, I'd like to speak with a your
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that your office manager. Good. Let me speak with a typically there's a nurse on call. Is there a nurse on call that I can talk to. Is there one kind of I, I promise I'll only be two minutes It'll save a visit.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I need to make sure that this isn't a medical emergency, and that I'm not going to be causing hearing loss by my not going in to have this treated
Gwenevere Abriel: Once they hear that
Gwenevere Abriel: They're hearing. Oh my gosh. I don't want to have anything to do with this woman losing her hearing so they're gonna write take some action.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'd be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, hey, I don't even need to talk to them, but I knew deep I do need to know that someone with a medical right
Gwenevere Abriel: Training has has listened to my symptoms and they can tell me whether I need urgent care whether I need emergency department or if it's just maybe an antibiotic or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hasn't been helpful to also be hearing from Dr. Aubrey L about her perspective on what she thinks that's going on.
Nicole Roybal: Definitely, yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, good. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm glad that's available.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, just on a weekly basis, you know, being able to check in with her around that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else I noticing a little like like a lower almost like not sad, necessarily, but just a little lower kind of mood. How are you feeling
Nicole Roybal: I feel okay I think I might have taken too long to get my gabapentin this morning. So I started getting like sweaty.
Nicole Roybal: My cold, same time, I have referrals in but I'm sweating.
Nicole Roybal: My weapon to that to that scene down sometimes I'm like I don't feel it, I guess. Other people are perceiving that and I'm like, I don't know, I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's let's go with that because I am suspecting there's a connection. It's, it's fine. So, for example,
Gwenevere Abriel: You heard that turn that resting blah blah blah face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I have one of those.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you were so mad at me and grew up and I'm like I was
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't, I don't remember being mad, but maybe my face was, I don't remember feeling, man. But I think when most people are used to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very
Gwenevere Abriel: Happy. Happy. Happy. Happy. And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Right so doesn't mean my internal experiences that but that's how I'm perceived and so I'm for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it like for we'll just start with boyfriend. What is it like for boyfriend to think you're in a download. What happens when he thinks you're in a download
Nicole Roybal: He's asked me, like, what's wrong.
Nicole Roybal: Why do I see, I've seen down like I don't like it, like it only started happening like this week, but like the other day was the first time he ever like was like
Nicole Roybal: What's wrong with you, are you okay like like why do you think so sad. I'm like, I'm not asking you what's wrong. I'm like nothing's wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: So that's pretty much it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how many times did he asked you in a day would you say
Nicole Roybal: Well, yeah, he asked me.
Nicole Roybal: Five, six times within like an hour, but then after that our ended up taking a job and I
Nicole Roybal: And then he's like, oh, that's what is wrong with you.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I don't think it was that I just, I don't know what it was.
Nicole Roybal: I think honestly like deep down as I really like to try to think about it like I think it's just everything going on in the world down freaking out. I'm trying not to because
Nicole Roybal: No one ever talks about anymore. And I'm just like, Oh, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're gonna I'm gonna pull away from this I'm gonna, I wrote a nice little note here and I can pull back to this conversation a little bit. I'd like to continue the one that we started from before I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: I pulled up. I didn't enjoy looking at myself. I gotta tell you what to
Gwenevere Abriel: Do to pray, God. Well, I had to look at me. Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm sitting there like, you know, eating my salad because this is this is i i wait too long and I did it again today to eat something.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sitting there now now now now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was, I wrote a little have
Gwenevere Abriel: Looked at the video I was more paying it, I wrote little like timeframes from the video. Like, I wonder, wonder if we can look at little pieces of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to look at it because I know you said, I'm willing to hear. I don't want to see myself. You may change your mind, you may say, Oh, what, what do I look like when I'm doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may change your mind. But I thought we could
Gwenevere Abriel: I thought you could listen, you could observe
Gwenevere Abriel: Through hearing listen for and see what you notice and get an opinion. Okay. Not Daniels opinion, not my opinion, your own opinion because we often can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to what we're doing in the minute because we're doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So right around point 05 is when you said, Oh, I gotta talk about code first I was like okay
Gwenevere Abriel: We talked about that one. And then seven. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course,
Gwenevere Abriel: This is life here of course it's not giving me what I want it now spinning
Gwenevere Abriel: That is life right they're
Gwenevere Abriel: Not
Nicole Roybal: Going through therapy. You asked us to write down something that we feel that, and what we could do.
Nicole Roybal: I had actually
Gwenevere Abriel: Answers.
Nicole Roybal: The first answer was, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: You think you failed at life.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I put like life career.
Will you be careful.
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry, my boyfriend. I put life school career. And then for what you could have done differently. I could have started school earlier and figured out what I want to do with my life sooner. I could have tried harder.
Nicole Roybal: And I just wanted to let you know that that was my first answer and then I heard everyone else's answers. I was like, okay, mine sounds a little too, like, whoa.
Like oh
Gwenevere Abriel: No know I didn't think that at all. I think yours is exactly
Gwenevere Abriel: And I heard other people talking about school life or I heard several people. But again, I kind of put everybody all in one group in my head. So what did you hear other people. How are their answers.
Nicole Roybal: Now a lot of people didn't say school
Nicole Roybal: I guess I pertaining mind towards like just like my whole life. But I guess it is having to do it schooling and career because I believe that schooling is what leads to a good career.
Nicole Roybal: So I think I just failed at not for your not what I want to do sooner and just actually going to school and doing it sooner. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk more about how you define life though that might be the bigger piece I'm coming for you mean I feel that life like tell me more about what that means.
Nicole Roybal: Well as like just bringing back stuff in the past, like how I'm gonna be 20 I'm getting closer to 30 and I feel like I should have everything together by let you know.
Nicole Roybal: And I know you told me that that's not true. And I've tried to let that go by still feel like, oh my god, I'm a failure. Like, I'm ready to be 30 and I'm no nowhere in my life, like I didn't have a job. Oh, I, my parents just lost her job.
Nicole Roybal: So now I'm officially don't really have job.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either
Gwenevere Abriel: Your parents don't either. Your parents don't either.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I know. Yeah, the more for them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so yeah, Nicole. You have a lot going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have
Gwenevere Abriel: Paying a consequence of a naturally occurring event.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I stay distracted with drugs and alcohol time will pass
Gwenevere Abriel: And the things that I feel passionate about and I didn't put energy and effort into they don't just magically happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: when we're children, teenagers and in our 20s. We don't know that we're not thinking about that we're not thinking about the future. You're knows nothing wrong with what you did. That's a normal teenage young person's brain, the piece that was missing wasn't a piece that was in you call
Gwenevere Abriel: The part that was missing was the executive functioning, which is apparent.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's when a parent kind of sorta supposed to be there. You get your butt home by 12 o'clock. Get your butt home. No, you're gonna live up under my house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your home. You know I love you get your home and you're going to do your homework. I know you don't want to do it now. But this get this degree. I know you if you can do it will study a little bit together. I'll do these flashcards with you. Come on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this and you hate them in your man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You lose your shit and the parent goes. Huh. Give me that phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit down. Can your room. I'm taking that door off. You don't behave, Sam.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: YOU'RE GOING TO KEEP IT UP ON MY, TAKE BACK. I'm going to take your car insurance and you're like,
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I must say
Nicole Roybal: There was really nothing they could take away from me decide hanging out with my friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to say, oh, oh ok so now I'ma sit down. Maybe I'll study. So my point was not to critique family. It was for you to hear that your timeline, your brain isn't going to be done. I just read recently and made it even worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: First, I was thinking that women's brains are gonna be done it for 2425 done growing, but now I'm hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: That for people like right around that have any kind of attention deficit, things like that was all the way to 30 so just imagine your brain just finished development at 30
Gwenevere Abriel: That this whole time that it would have been helpful to have someone in your life kind of saying, think about the future. Think about the future. Think about the future. Think about the future and he because that that part of the brain wasn't done growing yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you're able to do it for yourself. And now you're pissed off at yourself. Well, why don't you drop that part that's not your fault. That's just biology.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have yet to see the client.
Gwenevere Abriel: That grows that goes back to school because they call themselves a loser because they say you're a failure. They simply don't move, they sit there and they dab.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they get high and they drink and they are stoned, because they don't want to think about. I'm a failure. I'm a loser.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who would they want to escape. So my invitation to you is knock it off with the self reproach and this the whipping that you're doing. There's another way to discipline yourself okay the Inner Parent that you have inside of you. This is the psychobabble part
Gwenevere Abriel: You have this negative Inner Parent that's like, you shouldn't you should have died. The first time and you should have done it when you were younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Like, that doesn't work.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't work because then you feel like crap and you get stoned and you want to drink. Yeah, but instead
Gwenevere Abriel: Shut that parent up with a little thought stopping you like. Yeah, that might have worked when I was younger, but now I'm on my way here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to listen to the kind of things that whens maybe talking about or maybe you've seen somewhere else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Some kind of healthy parenting, or whatever. And you're like, well, what would win do what we're going to do if I was feeling down and myself, and I call myself a failure. Whoa, whoa, how would I cheerlead myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you read my voice, how we if I was in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you were being down on yourself and your you shut that Inner Parent out the one that says when you should have thought about that before that one. You just pushed it out and instead you heard my voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it was more like you got this. Let's do the next right thing. What's the one thing you could do, like, how is it going to sound in your head that you can get into your life that you can get into school, you can get into.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your career, what's something. What's a voice you would hear how would it sound in your head.
Nicole Roybal: How would it sound wrote it say
Well,
Nicole Roybal: I guess I kind of the way. Like I motivate myself is like
Nicole Roybal: Stop being a little bitch something a pussy do this. Yeah. Because if your frickin ancient already if you still have so much time. So stop acting like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: You don't have to be like to get it tomorrow, like you have to give yourself time. Be patient.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that, what do you then do after that one after that. What do you do
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're honest with yourself and cold. What do you actually do
Gwenevere Abriel: After that,
Nicole Roybal: Try not to feel sorry for myself, but I usually will do anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how many minutes past while you're doing that.
Nicole Roybal: Something I like spend my time thinking about I just kind of try to push it away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the best you came up with for your revised Inner Parent
Gwenevere Abriel: Is, be patient with yourself. Right. Be patient.
Gwenevere Abriel: No one's expecting you to, you know, you took this long to come to this. It's not all going to change overnight. Just be patient with it. So the encouragement is just to be patient.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I did hear what you know you're being irrational. Right. That's irrational. Now, you call yourself. Other names but but what that is is a rational thinking right so be patient use logic and reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's still not
Gwenevere Abriel: getting you to do anything.
Nicole Roybal: I know I don't know how to dig deeper to get to that point. I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's just see what happens.
Nicole Roybal: Crazy with like a million dollars at one
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see what happens if we do something a little different. One should grab grab a piece of paper and pen and let's get a nice fresh nothing written on a piece of paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's draw. Let's draw a line down the middle. And it doesn't matter can either be this vertical or I would say, Let's go landscape and then draw a line down the middle in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the left side will say now.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the right side will say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Future.
Gwenevere Abriel: So once you draw over on the left.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyone else that you want. These are open ended for a reason you anyone else, some sort of tree some sort of house over on the left.
Nicole Roybal: Me and a house.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Anybody, anybody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: A house and a tree.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have you some other figures figure figures a house and a tree.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I wasn't sure what kind of people did you want me to put them with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't tell you. I just said some kind of evil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you came up with your own idea and then you did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can add anything else just sort of putting Whatever comes to mind. This is not an art lesson I don't, I wouldn't know how to judge it anyway. I don't have those skills.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is therapy. So it says a therapeutic intervention. This will call this art therapy.
Nicole Roybal: Every
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's anything else this sort of sort of represents now so you
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, just make sure you put maybe some symbols of some sort of representations of sort of a reflection of timestamp of you now on that left side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is this piece of paper free meaning is it ripped out of the
Gwenevere Abriel: Binder
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm a part of me wants it to stay there because like for longevity, like we might visit again. But another part of the economy doesn't want you to be looking at the left side when we do the right one. So maybe kind of
covering it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi. Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like that. Yeah, it's a great idea and then over on the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give yourself permission to really free associate and draw what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the future, and there's It's wide open.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can put whatever you want in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you in there though, if you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Run and put some juice in this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that okay, does that give you a little bit of time to do some drawing
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kids were talking about a pizza of slush grandma. I don't know what that is, but I had to look it up. Urban Dictionary or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk to me about like pizza time like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: mush.
Gwenevere Abriel: All kinds of words.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Nicole Roybal: Leave your house to pull my
Child
Nicole Roybal: I like. So on the now and I put like like a bottle of alcohol and I put the x on it.
And I
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can I see it. Yeah, put that right up in front of the screen, not to close it, so I can see. All right, so we've got right there. Just one inch closer. Oh, I see house cat right and no an anti sign for
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got somebody on the left. Somebody up there and then it got some people over the right so very nice. Okay, so now describe what is going on. Who who's over there on the left.
Nicole Roybal: Me and down you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Baby cat. So let's, let's put a cap on there.
OK.
Nicole Roybal: And then so I have like I have the leader here and then the cigarettes.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, now
Nicole Roybal: Yep. And in a future. The one thing I didn't put that I noticed as I didn't put we'd as I cancelled out with a cigarette, that the extra them the alcohol. The next to them and something I don't want part of my life.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and I
Nicole Roybal: Didn't put lead and it's hard for me to let that one go. I don't know why it's so hard for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. Okay, we don't have to just just pay attention, your picture.
Nicole Roybal: And then my diploma. Right. I didn't know how to like saw career so
Gwenevere Abriel: You said a bigger house. And then I saw on see said diploma.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see your diploma.
Nicole Roybal: It's ugly. I just tried to draw graduation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's really, it's quite in the center of your page to
Nicole Roybal: My animals. I don't give them next
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and then who are the people I
Nicole Roybal: Mean, Daniel. And then I just put like a little baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little baby.
Nicole Roybal: dog and a cat.
Nicole Roybal: And then I put hard surfaces love and family and with that.
Nicole Roybal: Little boy. No.
Nicole Roybal: You can't see right now. Okay.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: There's parts on both sides.
Nicole Roybal: Maturity. I couldn't fit it on the right side so
Nicole Roybal: Do you want it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at the images.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over on the right and tell me about how maybe one or the other looks more or less difficult. Which one looks difficult to to get to, because you're here on the left, maybe look at one of the images and just sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about boy, this one looks like it might be hard to get to over on the right.
Nicole Roybal: Well quitting cigarettes, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: quitting cigarettes.
Nicole Roybal: Even like quitting like at this moment. It's more just slowing down. So I'm starting to notice how much I smoke, maybe like this morning I woke up, just take a few jobs and go back to sleep like stupid and
Nicole Roybal: I just laying there and click taste in my mouth. I'm just like, Oh, I'm so tired of this.
Nicole Roybal: Like, I want to be able to sleep throughout my whole sleep without waking up and creating a cigarette.
Nicole Roybal: Them. So that seems like a hard one, of course, to get them and of course diploma career, especially their thing going on right now.
Nicole Roybal: But it is just like that one actually seems the hardest because of how I'm already in student debt student loan debt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you saying the diploma or the career seems the hardest the deployment, the deployment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, school, there we go. So that one right in the middle. Smack down that graduation dab in the middle is that that graduation hat. Does that seem like the most difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's interesting. It ended up being right in the middle.
Nicole Roybal: Purpose. So I guess maybe subconsciously, it was
Gwenevere Abriel: So take a look over at your now picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to slow way down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try to catch your first uncensored responses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if we can add
Gwenevere Abriel: Bearing whoops. Yeah. Seems barren, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here's the invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, try not to censor try to grab that first response and then draw it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just notice and as you did you notice it was barren.
Gwenevere Abriel: In order to get school and diploma. What do you need on the now side look at your paper. What do you need on the now side.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So draw, draw some money. So draw some symbols of money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much money.
Nicole Roybal: A lot my student loans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, how much
Nicole Roybal: $10,000
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so put 10 K
Gwenevere Abriel: You got that one written in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now look over to the right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at that diploma.
Gwenevere Abriel: You getting a sense that it doesn't seem as difficult once you have that money.
Nicole Roybal: On my chest. Because the only thing I'm thinking about is, that's a lot of money. There's no way I'll ever be able to do that all
Gwenevere Abriel: At once one. Yeah, so it had the opposite. So what just happened was an actual on that was a negative thought. And that's actually one of the irrational ones so
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how did what it was so so borrow it over here, come over to my thinking how do I pay off a half a million dollar house, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone in America is doing that. Well, not this month this month. They're really struggling but or
Gwenevere Abriel: That, um, some people still have student loans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like so what you just did was based information on no data.
Gwenevere Abriel: $10,000 is not a lot of money to someone else to you because you don't have it, because you're not seeing money coming in, you can't see that that I can get paid off quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or ever that can get paid off a car payment cars or what 20 $30,000 How dare you buy a car. Then, how dare you get alone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because we make small payments.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. You don't have to win the lottery. You don't have to do any of those things. The first step is to get into a rational actual mindset and I still think getting on the phone with your lender might be the way to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think you're
Nicole Roybal: Nothing makes sense. And then you ask them, What do you mean, what do you mean, and they say it again and
Nicole Roybal: If it's off because I don't understand. And it was jargon and lingo that they're using
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Nicole. We'll do it together. You'll get on the phone with them and I'll be right here and I'll listen to their they're trying to intimidate and make you confused and we'll do it together.
Nicole Roybal: Well, I mean, like they were kind of intimidated. She was like, like she said I wasn't be on different man. I have to re up every year. And I don't know, look, it just didn't make sense. And if I do reopen every year than
Nicole Roybal: 10 years or something like that, it'll just go away.
Nicole Roybal: Which didn't make sense. So I was like,
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I get a difference though it's not on my credit and it made my credit score go lower, but I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is this the second. Is this the call after we talked a month ago, or whenever. Is this a follow up call. This was the original one.
Nicole Roybal: Original one in January.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you don't know yet is the compounded interest rate that this $10,000 could turn into 20
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: If I don't read the different thing every year.
Nicole Roybal: So I don't know. She says, I'm saying is, I don't know if I even understand what I'm saying, I don't know if I'm right. Because what she said, I don't even know. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole. That's right. So notice now look at your page. Look at the now.
Gwenevere Abriel: What else is needed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard money, but what else
Nicole Roybal: Intelligence
Gwenevere Abriel: So it isn't so intelligence member that's a neat thing you just did this isn't we are born knowing what the word different windows.
Nicole Roybal: Oh yeah, gaining intelligence on
Gwenevere Abriel: That's information that's information that's knowledge draw that.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if we can get that on this now side let's get that knowledge, information data.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can get
Gwenevere Abriel: That's dipping into that growth mindset. All I need to do is I just I ran into someone who's not able to to teach me exactly initiative. Why would she wants to she wants it to stand firm and she doesn't, you know, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Boy, I hope I'm wrong. But anyway, I think that what's needed is information.
Nicole Roybal: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Have an informed decision.
Nicole Roybal: I think what she said I wouldn't have to pay anything that's the only thing I heard from there on, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, I just, it's so cool. You just did that. I just ran across this this information that
Gwenevere Abriel: Some research saying on motivation or something like that. And we got we hear things like this love know, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You look good.
Gwenevere Abriel: God, God, God, God, God, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're smart and you have to have now. Now you're going to have money right that we hear the part we that makes us feel good. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have tuned in to the part that was appealing which felt good, which was, oh, I won't have to think about this money in 10 years been goodness. Right. You might have tuned into that part. Possibly. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but, but it's not a fly. It's not a flying you we all do it every single one of us you we all do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all that's needed all this needed is to go back in in a clear Mind not high
Gwenevere Abriel: Not high. Okay, you've got pruning going on in your brain, your it decreases the ability for you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to motivate. That's the part of the brain, the doc was probably talking about and group it inhibits motivation to to want to change you want to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it prunes memory. So you might be thinking, oh, I'm learning new things you're going to be learning things in here that won't stick because you're still
Gwenevere Abriel: Smoking dabbing whatever so it's it's going to get in the way. I'm going to put that aside. My point is, make a call if you can, and just get data and I can either be there. I can be there with you or someone else that you trust that will
Gwenevere Abriel: Sort of support you through your confusion over a word you have what's called intelligence. You just need that growth mindset that I don't know when I haven't learned
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you how can any of us know, but we haven't learned
Yet
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, please do.
Nicole Roybal: Everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: No way.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, but you've had a pressure on you as you are coming up to, to be responsible to be your own parent and a lot of ways, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Not that that's not a typical healthy development, it's
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, also being my little sister's parent as well, you know,
Nicole Roybal: I've always felt like the boss, I guess, like I needed to be the boss or the one in charge.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well now it's your time to be the student
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and
Nicole Roybal: There was something else I wanted to talk to you about
Nicole Roybal: This personality quiz thing, whatever with the right heart health. Okay, now they want me to do this rap session on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know.
Nicole Roybal: Like talk about my life. And when I could change my everyday faces. I'm like why why I don't. I got into my therapist about this. I don't want to talk to you. I don't even know you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I know why, like, you know, like I'm trying not to have an attitude about it for some reason I feel like
Nicole Roybal: I don't want to open up to this person. I don't even know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I understand. I do. And it's, it's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: This sounds too good to be true, it probably is. So what's the deal. How do you benefit from my differing my 10 K, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, that's how it's going to sound. I'm going to be like them big 14 letter words.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: I just wanted to see em, I guess your opinion on that and I see
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you sure you sure got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and, and it's it's a struggle because I'm conflicted. I mean, I have, you know, I mean, I'm enjoying this job. I think that the bright hearts got some really cool things going on with it. Um, and I enjoy the independence, so I don't have anybody kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this is this is confusing for me what what you just brought up is it I'm in it with you going, huh, huh, huh. Now if you want to, you could do it if you wanted to go check it out. See if you like it, and then you could really complain about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, then you could say, well, but you also might come back and say, You know what, when I was wrong. We're really interesting because it's the first time I've been able to really look
Gwenevere Abriel: At this stuff like on the left hand side of your page this gal made me really itemize the different tasks that it might take for me to get my degree you might end up liking it, you might like that someone that just sort of first these these tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: And really objectively had it measurable and timeframe that might be the outcome. I'm open. It could be awesome.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I hope, I hope I end up liking it. I'm not looking forward to it. It's good to have this today. And then after that, on Monday and on Tuesday, I have to do therapy positive turn into an everyday thing.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget about you. Um, it matters. You didn't lose your right
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you signed up for this program, you still have right you still yes these are the expectations and maybe that will be a consequence. But if you want to know what they are. I don't happen. I'm not going to do anything to you. I can tell you right now, I ain't going to do anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if someone you could ask her and say, well, what's the consequence if I don't do it because, you know, I mean, that could be a route you take you could email someone you could send it to me and I could forward it on to it. So yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Good. I can't go a group. If I don't do it. Same with my Pika. I gotta deliver this week and I haven't been to my mom's house. But if you don't call in and do it for truth and you can't do group.
Nicole Roybal: So same with the rap session and the peak of their time you that and they tell me that every single time with the PICO voice comes in late
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, no, no, there's nothing you can do. I'm just saying that's what they tell me so
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is one of those. This is a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I've got my own to face but you have one you can bring it up again and group, you could get on go into virtual clinic and ask them, What do you mean, where did I sign that when I signed in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Show me where I signed when I said a consent to treatment where it said that I had to do a personality test and rap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just show me. You can be sweet about it. So we just me, but I need to understand it because I haven't been doing it for these months and now I am. I'm confused. Why is this contingent my entering group.
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and understand it doesn't mean you'll be rude. It just means you're too. You're looking for information. If that doesn't work, you can certainly email.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lois learning
Gwenevere Abriel: Good, bring it up. I don't know how to pronounce your name.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can bring it up in group, he probably won't be alone because I think you guys are getting those calls. Um, I think a lot of you are
Nicole Roybal: I don't want to cause a ruckus in the whole group, though, and everyone's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why not, why don't you want to cause a ruckus
Nicole Roybal: I don't know. I don't want anybody or make it more stressful for you and Dr. Aubrey out. I don't know. See him was, he was kind of thing. But everyone else's feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: All
Gwenevere Abriel: Dr. Al and I are going to come and go in your life harmony.
Does that mean
Gwenevere Abriel: It means you're gonna have you 10 years from now, there'll be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do what you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: There'll be another one of your they'll be another doctor everywhere expendable. Okay. And I don't know how on, hold on, hold on. Oh, I know. Well, I know what I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm a service to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to waste your time. Can't wait a minute. You're going to waste your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the service you're going to care more about the service than you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is not what we're up to. We want you to get everything you possibly can out of this program. I'm a rare person that believes that wholeheartedly doc believes in it too. We want you to get what you need from this program. If you put us, first you're going to waste your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it'll be
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and it's all over. And so this is a chance for you to speak up if you have something that you want to get more of, if you want to be more of a taker in your life that you're a giver. We you
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I don't want to upset anyone. I don't want anybody to think I'm the bad you know pot stirring client. Okay, well maybe that's your journey. But if you don't want to do that role anymore. If you want to do something different than stir the pot.
Nicole Roybal: Like to be that person. But guess maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: That's up to you. I'm playing. Of course I'm playing
Gwenevere Abriel: But this is a safe place to do it because I know what people are up to. I know you. I know all my clients I know where you guys would benefit from growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not about me. It's not about I'm upset I'm gonna take care of myself. It's not on you that burden stone on you. I'll work it out. I gave you some extra information.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I have a really I don't know like lying on you happen to catch an actual thing happening like so I told you it
Gwenevere Abriel: But that's for me. I'll handle my part of it on my own. You handle you. What do you need to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: To get the most out of this program and I don't know because I'm not the one asking this demand.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta go start this 12 O'clock group.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's read. Yeah. Hold on, let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, April 24 11 o'clock. That's next Friday. Okay, gotcha.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll see you then.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll see in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody